README.rst, before:

Test repository for GitHub actions
==================================

This repository does not provide anything useful.  It is used to try
out and play around with GitHub actions.


System requirements
-------------------

Python:

+ Python 3.6 or newer.

Required library packages:

+ `setuptools`_

Optional library packages:

+ `setuptools_scm`_

  The version number is managed using this package.  All source
  distributions add a static text file with the version number and
  fall back using that if `setuptools_scm` is not available.  So this
  package is only needed to build out of the plain development source
  tree as cloned from GitHub.

+ `pytest`_ >= 3.0

  Only needed to run the test suite.

+ `distutils-pytest`_

  Only needed to run the test suite.


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2019–2023 Rolf Krahl

Licensed under the `Apache License`_, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this package except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.


.. _setuptools: https://github.com/pypa/setuptools/
.. _setuptools_scm: https://github.com/pypa/setuptools_scm/
.. _pytest: https://pytest.org/
.. _distutils-pytest: https://github.com/RKrahl/distutils-pytest
.. _Apache License: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Commit message:

Drop setuptools_scm in favour of git-props

README.rst, after:

Test repository for GitHub actions
==================================

This repository does not provide anything useful.  It is used to try
out and play around with GitHub actions.


System requirements
-------------------

Python:

+ Python 3.6 or newer.

Required library packages:

+ `setuptools`_

Optional library packages:

+ `git-props`_

  This package is used to extract some metadata such as the version
  number out of git, the version control system.  All releases embed
  that metadata in the distribution.  So this package is only needed
  to build out of the plain development source tree as cloned from
  GitHub, but not to build a release distribution.

+ `pytest`_ >= 3.0

  Only needed to run the test suite.

+ `distutils-pytest`_

  Only needed to run the test suite.


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2019–2023 Rolf Krahl

Licensed under the `Apache License`_, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this package except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.


.. _setuptools: https://github.com/pypa/setuptools/
.. _git-props: https://github.com/RKrahl/git-props
.. _pytest: https://pytest.org/
.. _distutils-pytest: https://github.com/RKrahl/distutils-pytest
.. _Apache License: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
